1. Horses for courses- Different people are suited to different things.(ভিন্ন ভিন্ন মানুষ ভিন্ন ভিন্ন জিনিস এর জন্য উপযোগী)
2. Caesar's wife must be above suspicion -In simpler terms, this phrase suggests that those in positions of power or authority must maintain a high level of integrity, and avoid any action or behavior that may be perceived as unethical or inappropriate. It highlights the importance of perception in shaping one's reputation and emphasizes the need for leaders to lead by example. 
(Story- This phrase refers to an incident in ancient Rome where Julius Caesar divorced his wife Pompeia because she was suspected of having an affair. Even though there was no concrete evidence of her infidelity, Caesar felt that the mere suspicion was enough to tarnish his reputation. Therefore, this phrase implies that those who hold positions of power or authority must conduct themselves with utmost propriety to avoid any perception of wrongdoing or impropriety.)
3. Never go to bed on an argument.
4. Everything is for the best in the best of all possible worlds. or All for the best in the best of all worlds- You know this and heard about this.(It is a philosophical concept coined by the French writer and philosopher Voltaire. This idea suggests that, no matter how terrible or unfortunate a situation may appear, it is ultimately the best possible outcome in the grand scheme of things.

Voltaire believed that the world was created and controlled by a benevolent deity who had a plan for everything. Therefore, even if we cannot understand the reasons for certain events, we must trust that they are for the greater good. This phrase also suggests that we should always strive to find the positive in any situation, no matter how dire it may seem.

In simpler terms, this phrase means that every situation, no matter how bad it appears, has a purpose and is ultimately for the best. It encourages us to have faith in a higher power or purpose and to stay positive in the face of adversity.)
5. Opera ain't over till the fat lady sings or It ain't over till the fat lady sings. There's a chance of giving any comeback.
6. Red sky at night shepherd's delight; red sky in the morning, shepherd's warning. -A classic weather proverb!
7. Love sought is good, but given unsought is better. - This quote by William Shakespeare suggests that love that is given without being asked for is even more desirable than love that is actively sought after. In other words, love that happens naturally and spontaneously is more valuable than love that is forced or sought out. But hey, if you're feeling the love, who cares where it came from? Just enjoy it!
8. The best cast at dice is not to play. -This quote by Benjamin Franklin suggests that the best way to win at gambling is to not play at all. In other words, the only way to truly avoid losing is to not engage in the activity in the first place.
9. It's better to have love and lost than never to have love at all. -This saying is just a sappy way to try and make people feel better after they've been dumped. Sure, heartbreak sucks, but it's still better to have had some fun along the way, right? And if you're really lucky, maybe you'll find someone even better than the one who dumped you. So don't give up on love just because of one failed relationship. Keep playing the field and eventually you'll hit the jackpot.
10. The best way to a man's heart is through his stomach. -Men are primarily driven by their appetite and can be won over through physical gratification. This is a saying that suggests the way to a man's affections is by providing him with good food.
11. For everything there is a season. - Especially for teenagers, this saying is a rather basic way of reminding people of the natural cycle of life. It suggests that one should be patient and allow things to happen at their own pace, and that one should not force certain events or actions outside of their natural time and place. It also implies that change is inevitable and that one should be prepared to adapt to different seasons of life. However, it's important to remember that life isn't always predictable or controllable, so one must be able to roll with the punches and make the most of every situation.
12. If ifs and ands were pots and pans there'd be no work for tinkers. -This proverb is just a fancy way of saying that words are cheap and that people who waste their time talking about what they're going to do instead of actually doing it are useless. It's a reminder that there's no substitute for hard work and that you have to take action if you want to get things done. So, stop whining and start doing something!
13. Jack of all trades, master of none.
14. Mighty oaks from acorns grow. -that means great things can come from small beginnings.
15. Any port in a storm.- Means that when faced with difficulties or danger, people will take any help or refuge that is available, even if it is not ideal.
16. Distance lends enchantment to the view. -An old adage that tells us that everything is more appealing when seen from afar.
17. In for a penny, in for a pound. -This saying is often used to justify reckless or impulsive behavior. It implies that if you are going to commit to something, you might as well go all the way, even if it leads to negative consequences. It can be interpreted as a form of peer pressure or groupthink, and can be problematic if taken too far.
18. Deeds are fruits, words are but leaves. -One's character is revealed not by what they say, but by what they do.
19. Nothing succeeds like success. -This phrase means that once you achieve a certain level of success, it often becomes easier to achieve further success because of the confidence and momentum gained from previous accomplishments. I believe this phrase is often used to justify unethical behavior, such as stepping on others to achieve success. It's a flawed mindset that values success above all else, without considering the means by which it was achieved. It also assumes that success is always desirable, which is not necessarily true.
20. A nod's as good as a wink to a blind horse. -For example, if someone tells a joke and another person nods in response, it may be enough to convey that they found the joke funny without needing to explicitly say so.
21. There's many a good tune played on an old fiddle. - Age.
22. A word to the wise is enough.
23. Moderation in all things.
24. The best is the enemy of the good.
25. A man who is his own lawyer has a fool for his client.
26. Too many irons in the fire.
27. 